On regular sized devices (laptops, desktops), the element with id="navbar" should be shown on the left side of the
screen and should always be visible to the user
Your technical documentation should use at least one media query



CLASS AND IDS:-
1. Each section element with the class of main-section should also have an id that corresponds with the text of each
header contained within it. Any spaces should be replaced with underscores (e.g. The section that contains the header
"JavaScript and Java" should have a corresponding id="JavaScript_and_Java")


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Waiting:All of your .main-section elements should be section elements.
Waiting:You should have at least five .main-section elements that are descendants of #main-doc.
Waiting:The first child of each .main-section should be a header element.
Waiting:None of your header elements should be empty.
Waiting:All of your .main-section elements should have an id.
Waiting:Each .main-section should have an id that matches the text of its first child, having any spaces in the child's
text replaced with underscores (_) for the id's.
Waiting:You should have at least 10 p elements (total) within your .main-section elements.
Waiting:You should have at least five code elements that are descendants of .main-section elements.
Waiting:You should have at least five li elements that are descendants of .main-section elements.
Waiting:You should have a nav element with an id of navbar.
Waiting:Your #navbar should have exactly one header element within it.
Waiting:You should have at least one a element with a class of nav-link.
Waiting:All of your .nav-link elements should be anchor (a) elements.
Waiting:All of your .nav-link elements should be in the #navbar.
Waiting:You should have the same number of .nav-link and .main-section elements.
Waiting:The header element in the #navbar should come before any link (a) elements also in the #navbar.
Waiting:Each .nav-link should have text that corresponds to the header text of its related section (e.g. if you have a
"Hello world" section/header, your #navbar should have a .nav-link which has the text "Hello world").
Waiting:Each .nav-link should have an href attribute that links to its corresponding .main-section (e.g. If you click on
a .nav-link element that contains the text "Hello world", the page navigates to a section element with that id).
Waiting:Your #navbar should always be on the left edge of the window.
Waiting:Your Technical Documentation project should use at least one media query.